John = 1
Uncle = 2
Sadie = 3
Charles = 4
Micah = 5
Arthur = 6
Dutch = 7


What horse breed do you choose?

John - Hungarian Half-bred. Originally bred for competition, they exhibit strength and stamina and are prized by many.
Dutch - Arabian. A superior breed. Fast and fancy, owned by wealthy nobility
Uncle - Kentucky Saddler. A riding horse mainy used for riding short distances, poor speed and acceleration.
Micah - Missouri Fox Trotter. Muscular build, graceful carriage with lightning fast speed and acceleration.
Charles - Appaloosa. Work horse perfect for ranch work, they have a calm temper and reasonable speed and stamina.
Sadie - Turkoman. Multiclass horses with characteristics of both race and war horses. They also have a temper and can be quite impatient.
Arthur - Hungarian Half Bred. War horses renowned for their fealessness in battle.

What is most important to you?

Micah - Money
Sadie - Revenge
John - Family
Charles - Peace
Uncle - Relaxation
Dutch - Loyalty and faith
Arthur - Helping others

It's the weekend, what do you do?

Arthur - Go to a bar
Charles - Spend time in nature
Micah - Research crypto-currency, anything for money
Uncle - Absolutely nothing, spend the whole weekend on the couch
John - Hang out with family
Sadie - Fencing club
Dutch - Make some plans

You're at the bar, what do you order?

Micah - Straight spirits, you want a bar fight too
Dutch - Mango cocktail
Sadie - Red wine
John - Zero alcohol beer
Charles - Soda or juice
Uncle - Whatever's cheapest, you're extremely broke
Arthur - Plain old whiskey

What's your favourite animal?

Arthur - Whitetail Deer
Charles - Bison
Uncle - Raccoon
Dutch - Lion
Sadie - Black Widow Spider
Micah - Snake
John - Wolf

Your best friend is in danger, what do you do?

Sadie - Endanger whoever you have to as long as you can save them.
Uncle - Get someone else to save them
Charles - See if there is a peaceful way to resolve this
John - Make sure everyone else is safe before rescuing them
Dutch - Make a rescue plan
Arthur - Run in without much care for your own safety
Micah - Walk away, your safety is more important then theirs

John = 1
Uncle = 2
Sadie = 3
Charles = 4
Micah = 5
Arthur = 6
Dutch = 7


